Overview (TL;DR)

I really enjoy programming. I mean, coding, developing, make great solutions, hands on project and happy hours with the team. So I consider myself a lucky guy since someone is paying me to do the work I like - the same work I quite often do for fun at home. Free time probably learning a new programming language or sometimes in a crowded IT event (AWS, Ruby, QCON, you name it). Of course, always enjoying my family, homemade pasta drinking some wine, getting up early to 10KM, working hard on circle of fifths so Bill Evans won't come back to tie my hands.

In a very ugly, poor analogy, if programming languages was spoken languages, I was born at C++ country and very early moved on to Java country (I told you, don't?). Java and its universe is quite confortable for me (since v1.2) but I'm so curious and really like some challenge, so I'm always acting beyond my comfort zone, just for fun, despite having worked a lot with Ruby/Rails, JavaScript/Node.js and Objective-C/iOS during my good old times startup. Nowadays (2015)? Trying Clojure.

In books I believe so they are always around as much as my bash terminal - heavy-terminal-user. As far as humanly possible I follow what sounds interesting on Internet. And yes, I known, my GitHub is poor, I don't have blog, even Facebook, and you won't find me on forums - publicly I consume and virtually made no contributions - funny because as a skilled teacher I'm always helping who ask for - remnants of years teaching Java and related stuff at wistful Sun Microsystems. Anyway, I do have some code at GitHub, seven forgotten podcast episodes made with love with my IT wife <3 , and some presentations I did at QCON SP 2011, and here and there.

That's all about me: programmer by definition, really friendly, I listen more than I talk, very humorous (always), I conquer the leadership by respect, I am curious, fast learner, practical but always looking forward to deep learning so I go further.
